For centering the content in the middle we can use a technique I already covered earlier styling and
they're specifically flex box.
So on our model we have that view where in our model we have that view that's our route view.
It's the only element in the model.
And then this view of course has other child elements but that's the only direct child of our model.
There we have the input container style which we apply and there we currently set a flex directional
row.
Now of course we could leave that but I'd say intermodal if we presented on a full screen like this
I'm actually fine with the vertical orientation so that we have the input and below that the button.
So I'll change this back to column or since this is the default simply delete this flex direction.
And now I want you centered as horizontally and vertically though.
And for Dad we can set justified content to center here and a line items to center.
But data alone won't do the trick.
You can see if you open a modal it's still all the way at the top.
And the reason for data is that our input container.
So that view we're assigning this style to by default doesn't take the full away level space it can
get in these surrounding you.
So in this case in the model the modal theoretically takes the full height and width of the screen but
the view simply doesn't take that full available space by default.
That's just how it works.
That's the default setting.
It only takes the space its children require.
So the text input and the button.
So the view essentially has the height of text input and button combined.
And then also the width of the broadest child in this case so if the text input here and by the way
your Android just didn't update correctly that's why you see this strange output here.
You can ignore that for now so to make the view take you fool away lable space here you can simply go
to the style you apply to to view.
In this case our input container style here and set flex to one year flex is a property which is well
used in conjunction with Flex box and as you learned earlier in this module in this extra flex box lecture
flex allows you to control how much space your different items inside of a flex box take and if it's
the only item.
This simply ensures that this container will take all the available space.
You could also set this to flex to the exact value doesn't matter here if it's the only child but you
need to set flex to make sure that this takes the full available space.
If you don't do it it will just take as much space as its child elements do.
If you set flex it will take as much space as its parent element gives it.
So ask the parent element of that view.
The modal in this case gives the view.
So with Flex 1 added here if you now save this on ours you see now it is this nicely centered.
And to also see this on Android what you can do is you can open the tasks which are closed as app here
and press a year to restart.
Does app on Android doesn't like the model as it seems.
And now here you also see that now tiny adjustment is a little bit of spacing between the button and
the input which I want to have for Dad.
I'll go to the input and add a margin bottom of 10 here but with that I'm quite happy about that again.
Unfortunately Android is really having some issues here with my model so let's close it and see it
whenever that looks good.
Yeah this is good.
Now I want to make sure that when we click add here we do actually now close the modal.